CP-1 (Partho)
1. What are the role is O365?
ans: Admin roles gives users permission to view data and complete tasks in the admin centers.Give users only the access they need by
assigning the least-permissive role.
Exchange Admin role, Global Admin, Global Reader, Helpdesk Admin, Sharepoint Admin, User Admin, Teams service admin,Service support Admin

2.What is global Reader?
Ans: Can view all administrative features and settings in all admin center. Catagory: read-only

3.can USER admin change the settings?
Ans: Users who need to do the following actions:
Add users and groups
Assign licenses
Manage most user properties, except username
Create and manage user views
Open and manage service requests
Update password expiration policies
Monitor service health
Users who need to do the following actions for non-admin users and users assigned to the Directory reader, Guest inviter, Helpdesk admin,
Message Center reader, or Reports reader roles:

Manage usernames
Delete and restore users
Reset passwords
Force users to sign out by invalidating refresh tokens
Update (FIDO) device keys
Important: User admins can change passwords for people who might have access to sensitive, private, or critical information. 
Changing the password of a user provides the potential to assume that user's identity and permissions.

4.What is the purpose of message center in O365?

5. What is Microsoft Search?

6. What is mordern Authentication in O365?
7. Navigate Modern Authentication?
8. Can I do it from Powershell?

9.Can users reset their own forgotten password in O365?

10. I dont want my user's to share any info/data outside of my Organization, I want to controll the access of outside of organization.
Is it possible?
Ans: EAC> Organizaton> Indivudual Sharing> Uncheck the "Specific information what you want to share"
11. What is a Guest User in O365? Which permission do thay have?
Ans :Add people from outside your organization to your teams and channels in ‎Microsoft Teams‎. 
You can invite anyone with a valid email address to participate as a guest in ‎Teams‎ with full access to team chats, meetings, and files.

12. When can be use the Shared mailbox? Why not use O365 Group mailbox?
13. can i have In-place hold for my shared mailbox?
14. can i have archive option for my shared mailbox?
15. Is their any mailbox storage limit for O365 groups?
16. What are the retention tag action do we have?
17. How does RPT work?
18. what is SMTP journaling?
19. Difference between Public folder and O365 groups?
20. How many type of public folder mailboxes there?
21. Whenever i send a email to a public folder i getting a bounce back message. Why?
22. Can external Sender send email to O365 Groups?
23. Can External Sender send email to public Folders?
24. Is shared mail be part of O365 Groups?
 










CP-1 (Rabby)
1.why user need to select o 365 ? 
2.limitation of microsoft 365 group ? 
3.can one person assign in shared mailbox group and microsoft 365 group in the same time ? 
4.DNS record type with the required for domain setup ?
5.How to access in shared mailbox from owa and outlook app ?
6.License for the microsoft 365 group ?
7.End- user can't access owa what can be the reason ?
8.tenant access denied what can be the reason for end user ? or exchange administrator have access in tenant or not ?
9.User getting error to send main in shared mailbox what can be reason ?
10.Custom retention tag how to work with example ?
11.one user sending mail from shared mailbox but it's now send what can be the solution for this problem ?
12.For to add new domain what is the dependency can be there ? without .onmicrosoft.com 
13.Shared mailbox limit, public folder limit, ofc 365 mailbox limit, 
14.User cannot get mail contents , why ?
15.How to assure that user account is compromised or hacked ?
16.User cannot login mail
17.Vendor niye ekta questions silo, thikmoto bujhi nai, may be will be asked how to confirm to vendor any details.
18.Why use txt , mx, cname record
19.If those record missing then what will happen ?
20.How to verify ofc 365 and exchange online connection is okay  in Power shell ?
21.If subscription is deleted then what will happe ?
22.How do i access unlicensed user mail by not giving any license now ?
23.Is there any archiving available in shared mailbox ?



CP1-Retake(rabby)
1. litigation hold, in place hold, in place archiving? what are the differences btwn them ? is in place archiving and in place hold are same ?
2. office 365 groups and differences btwn o365 grp mailbox and public folder mail box ?
3. differces btwn public folder mailbox and shared mailbox ? 
4. archiving and litigation hold possible in shared mailbox ?
5. what is domain, dns server, dns hosting ? and what are the differences btwn them ? what are the purposes of them ?
6. what are the retention policies action ? retention tag policies actions ?
7. why use auditing ? why use journaling ? 
8. what is archiving and why we do that ?
9. shared mailbox need licenses ? and what are the purposes of shared mailbox ?
10. what are the services of o365 and why we need subscription and licenses ?
11. what is app password and why we need it ?
12. what is MFA and what are purposes of MFA ?
13. what are the purposes of TXT, MX and cname records ?
14. if i unlicensed any user what will happen ? do i able to use that users mailbox ? and how ?
15. what will happen after expiration subscription ? do i able to work on o365 account ?
16. what is Microsoft exchange online ? what is the purpose ?
17. mail contacts and mail user differences ?
18.user cannot login mail ? why ?
19. how we can see the mail activity from the admin ?
20. public folder mailbox limits, shared mailbox limits, o365 grp mailbox limits ?
21. Is Exchange online a subscription of microsft 365 ?






